muslims in norway are now establishing a
masjid and dawa center to enhance the
norwegian dawah if you donate to the
schools you will ensure allah reap the
rewards of thousands of muslims coming
back to islam and many of those who
become dwight and invite islam so click
the link and donate now and share the
video for extra rewards
how are you guys doing i have some good
news for you once again which is that
the opposing views episode which is the
episode that was meant to do with iron
hersey whose actual name is iron magan
which means refugee in the somali
language uh has been recorded with
michaela peterson and will be up on the
1st of march
uh 2022. so about a month's time bit
more than a month it'll be out and of
course this is going to be a completely
different tone a completely different
style
to the um discussion i had with jordan
peterson
and what is going to be very important
for you guys to do is to go over there
on her uh channel
when it comes out and insha allah make
do what you did before because what you
did before was fantastic
on jordan peterson's channel
i think one of the most commented on
videos that he has released is in fact
the video that the podcast i've done
with him which is now alhamdulillah
almost on 2 million views which is
phenomenal and fantastic
so if we could do the same thing with
michaela peterson's channel that'll be
even better because it's not me that's
doing it and i want to repeat it's all
of us that's doing it what is it it's
changing the discourse it's making life
a more hospitable
and tolerable place for the muslim
people in the western sphere
it's changing people's opinion on islam
it's introducing islam to non-muslim
people
and it's giving confidence to muslim
on islam so if you go there
as the comrades and soldiers on twitter
and on youtube and everywhere else on
the 1st of march
and show
make the comments that you need to make
on the channel that we well appreciated
muslims in norway are now establishing a
masjid and dawa center to enhance the
norwegian dawah if you donate to the
scores you will ensure allah reap the
rewards of thousands of muslims coming
back to islam and many of those who
become dwight and invite to islam so
click the link and donate now and share
the video for extra rewards